last week loud scandal
broke out in the European Union
quarrel in the general house the statement began
the french authorities and the fact that romania is early
enter the Schengen zone
agreement which means visa free
movement within EU countries
the French are frightened by the recent invasion
gypsy transparency of the romanian border and
high level of corruption in this
the poorest country in Europe
how justified are these concerns
the European Union in place checked our
Cyrill Correspondent
hiding from the police behind the wall dirty
the quartet troubadour of Transylvania plays
dreary gypsy melodies from the repertoire
gipsy kings
music in general has now become mainstream
source of cultural income
with work in romania is hard here
sell skillet cheap but no one
buys
This is an ordinary day in Bucharest.
there is
registration of the capital where rightness sometimes
close the sky
he requires the European Union
there is no foreign money even for food
garbage no sewage pipe already
have long been dismantled and sold and built
which houses
call with a stretch remains
cost-effective arrest of a kind of gypsy
ghetto although such definitions in europe
try to avoid
the police are trying once again not
peeking at local authorities long ago waved
by hand
from here the gypsies are leaving for everything
the European Union terrifying the old world
its completely and European
habits
it is certainly a shame that she comes off so
fame on our side we do not need
survives how can go how can
bring your belly all your seats on
most backward economies
Europe seems to be fixed for a long time
from socialist industrialization
no dictator nikolae coushesku left
and there is no trace in the country she mined
half as much as own
needs
after the revolution of the eighty nine more part
population lives agriculture
but since the country entered
EU to comply
notes of norm astana
Valentina Petrochemical his farm immediately
was built
European standards and up
crisis business developed completely
not bad in spring cheese bought nura but
now the government has reduced subsidies and
raised taxes and will feel and
European farmers do not like
it turns out the place takes 8 points
instead of supporting your
state farmers buying cheap
products abroad and lose from this all
we produce less which means we pay
less taxes with them economic development
the country is not just nowhere marks
for pipe there is no garment factory named
labor is much cheaper though with
for some time now skete argue with those prices
hard here is a score of a few hundred
famous brand suits every day
a quarter of the already meager wages
give out food and clothing stamps
it happens except in North Korea
Frenchman host gerar os he speaks
romania is common
practice
in France it is of course difficult
submit but we work here not
must obey local rules
The fact is that taxes but such salaries
who pay for coupons much
less than real money so
it turns out there were such skills for employees
the main difference is their social function
alcohol and cigarettes cannot be bought on them
then drunk drivers would be alive
kolkhoz which in romania meet
everywhere should be less
the only place whose crisis
touched to a lesser extent this castle
bran is better known as dracula's castle
tourists come here from all over
world attracts history number bankers
one tibi to lead alexander prisku
only goes uphill
I want someone of these walls
in the north
photo ap I'd like to draw failures on
business is really going very well
even considering the financial situation
romania and global recession management
today amid the rest
half-starved countries in general looks like what
that
other states neat street
small towns no wires and
garbage oldest hungary but here too
just talk about politics and
the economy is only now kept in brasov
small shops says due
the region
the whole country lives it's unfair
big money is better developed
production here is more salary we
pay more taxes and all that money
poor regions go to a neighbor and
returns nothing new
of course we are not talking about that in this regard
and mass communications igor
dandy
the rest of the country which month
protest against anti-crisis measures
governments in their own what
tax increase salary cuts
state employees by 25 percent signed 15
I would hardly like the item
wait but same conditions of receipt
loan from ebrr
until the truth of money becomes only
interferes positional politicians predict
a quick economic collapse and collapse of the country
bisphenol world economic
the situation in romania is catastrophic with
the purpose of their complete destruction of the nation as
large enterprises are closed Ukraine
foreigners money goes abroad
deposit if it goes further
only small traders will remain
jobs that will be relocated trust
volume will anchor senator to persuade u
he sharply voted against anti-crisis
measures of the government and the president consider
by criminals
new than here I want almost all
politicians spent ideas
great romania public map
disclosure geographically
limits all moldavia part of ukraine and even
youth leisure
as the beginning of the expansion of the inhabitants
Moldovans have already distributed several thousand
Romanian passports
inviting them to be part of the great
romania
but at the same time and Europe so far so scenic
overhanging
in crumbling 5 7
people central bank arrest identification without
exaggeration has become the whole country like then
spoke in unison
iPad already tightening the belt construction
continued after the execution of nonsense sq
eighty-nine we are completely
finished so far and all this time the palace
continue to pull the money of the country only
electricity billboard three million euros in
year on top of this is exactly here the parliament
approved anti-crisis measures
governments cutting wages
and benefits that is Romanians once again
asked to tighten the belt but also already
It seems nowhere about what it ended
eighty-ninth here this account
remember well
Newbies in the center of Moscow Sunday
time first channel romania